# hw-7-train-schedual
Hello for this project we are gonna make some trains. At the bottom of the page is form that the user fills out. They create the name of the train, the city they want to go, when the train leaves and how often the train makes this run. The next arrvial time and the wait time are calculated using the user inputs. The user inputs are stored on a data base using fire base their free database set up. Then all that data is appended to the page in the form of a table. The moment js library is used to translate the times and helps to do the math for the arrival time and wait time. Every time you refresh the page you will see those two numbers update in real time. This was the first time using databases and it took some getting used to. I went slow and console logged everything to make sure i was calling it correctly from the database. Moment math was taken from class work and brought over to my page. The biggest issue i had was taking the user input and making the first letter of each word capitlized. At first i tried the repalce function but i soon found that wouldnt work. The code I had made it replace not the first letter with a capital letter but all over instances of that letter as well. After some googling i found the current method i used. Spliting the string into array at the space then looping throught that array and replacing the first letter of each index with a capital letter using charAt(0) and then concatenating the rest of the string in that index using the substring. Then using .join() to reconnect the string and then setting that new string to the train name and location vars. That was the hardest part of the whole project and it was the part i thought wouldnt be that bad. This project uses bootstrap, moment library along with jQuery and firebase. I am the sole creator of the this project. 
https://cmatchneer.github.io/hw-7-train-schedual/

